
Advanced XML Commands
	These commands string together multiple basic XML commands or execute scripts against the output of commands in order to acheive more advanced functionality within the library. A partition name must be specified with all of these commands using the -o/--option flag.

	eject-empty-terapacks	Queries the library partition for a list of empty TeraPacks within the storage partition. A move list is generated by this command and uploaded to the library. Empty TeraPacks can then be exported from the front panel of the library using the Advanced Import/Export options via the uploaded move list. Partition must be specified with the --partition flag.
	library-type		Returns the type of library, i.e. T680, T950, TFinity.
	magazine-compaction	Automates the recompaction of TeraPacks within the specified partition. The goal of the recompaction is to empty TeraPacks by moving tapes in almost empty TeraPacks to fuller ones. A maximum number of allowed moves per command can be specified with the -m/--move option. The purpose of this option is to allow this command to be executed against production libraries in order to prevent the recompaction from monopolizing the robotics, causing production moves to fail. The default value 10 is used if no maximum is specified. Partition must be specified with the --partition flag. This command currently only works with TFinitys. However a list of recommended moves is still generated for other Spectra Logic libraries, they will need to be performed manually through the library GUI.
	magazine-contents	Prints a list of magazine contents to the shell. The information included in this output is the magazine-barcode, number of slots utilized (utilizaton), and the tape barcode in each slot. Similar output to the basic XML command physicalInventory.xml. Partition must be specified with the --partition flag.
	magazine-utilization	Generates a breakdown of Terapacks based on how full they are. Can be used to determine the availability of slots in the library and if there are any empty TeraPacks. Output includes Entry/Exit Slots. Partition must be specified with the --partition flag.
	maintenance-hhm-reset	Resets the applicable HHM counters after a preventative maintenance engagement.
